hello it's Ruby and today I am going to
be showing you a Christmas lookbook but
with a literary twist because I'm also
going to be giving a cozy winter book
recommendation for each of the outfits
that I show
[Music]
so the first outfit reminds me of the
lapped by charlotte brontë which is one
of my favorite Bronte novels and this
book is kind of a coming-of-age novel
because it documents Lucy snow and how
she moves from childhood into adulthood
[Music]
[Applause]
number two I would see recommend the
light tree by Frances Harding after the
death of the protagonist father she
embarks on this mystery and comes across
this fantastical tree the light really
magical and it's just a really great
book for winter
[Music]
[Applause]
outfit number three is this beautiful
tapestry matching sat and for this
outfit I decided to recommend tinder by
Sally Gardner which I recently reread
this is about auto Honda Brice long
story short he falls in love with this
with this beautiful maiden and he spends
the book trying to get her back I know
it sounds bad from that description but
it's so beautifully mythical the
illustrations are stunning the
descriptions are just magical
[Music]
outfit number form is a very cozy outfit
so I decided to go for the child the
book spell and this is a memoir
it basically documents how the books
that Stafford read when he was a child
made him into the person he he is today
it's just quite a warming book to read
especially because you will get a lot of
the references to children's literature
[Music]
after number five I would recommend
Lincoln in the bardo so Abraham
Lincoln's son dies when he's a child
this is about the time directly after
death his son's death the really
interesting thing is the narrative
because it's broken up and they use
real-life articles about the death of
Willie Lincoln it reads is quite jumpy
and it took me a while to get into but
the way that it ties together these
accounts and brings it into a plot a
storyline is just so so well done
[Music]
then alpha number six I wanted to
recommend Howl's Moving Castle by Diana
Wynne Jones which is one of my favorite
children's books I remember loving it
and because this outfit squad mystical
and a bit quirky I thought that this
would be the perfect fitting book and I
think it's a great book to read at
Christmastime to you because again it is
magical
[Music]
then the next outfit I wanted to
recommend the bat and the nightingale
again this is quite magical
I suppose it's that in Russia it starts
off with this family lots of siblings
and then it follows what each of
siblings goes on to do and it mainly
follows vasilia I think that's how you
pronounce her name he was one of the
siblings the youngest and she has these
powers she's slightly different from her
siblings this is where the magic comes
in it's a really great winter novel
because it's that in the freezing cold
[Music]
then for the final outfit I've got to
book recommendations because this dress
is actually called the Baskerville dress
from Miss fattiness of course I have to
recommend the Hound of the Baskervilles
by Arthur Conan Doyle which you have to
read if you haven't read it but because
that's the name of the dress I feel like
that's cheating so I'm gonna give you
another quick relation to and make it in
by Daphne du Maurier which seems like a
very strange fit and I don't know why
this dress reminds me of it but it does
do make it in is about this slightly
sinister in which our protagonist finds
themselves in and that seems to be
something afoot there is something
mysterious happening there's something
where she doesn't know about she doesn't
know what it is it's quite gothic it
reads is quite gothic I would really
recommend it's one of my favorite Daphne
du Maurier books so thank you so much
for watching this video I hope that you
enjoyed I hope that you got some book
recommendations and some outfit ideas
from this video and I hope that you have
a productive week
[Music]